DAY 1
__init__.py                 :   Tells that is it python package and necessary in any project.
setting.py                  :   Keeps the high-level settings of project.
urls.py                     :   Used to declare urls.
wsgi                        :   Stands for WEB SERVER GATE INTEGRATION.





DAY 2
Django (python) is used as backend of website.




DAY 3
In settings.py :
                SECRET-KEY  :   It is key which you have to hide for security purpose.
                DEBUG=TRUE  :   Its true when using at local environment not in production.   
                db.sqlite3 in DATABASES can be changed but for simplicity we use sqlite3.

In urls.py :
                By default url is admin/ but we can change it and also add it.




DAY 4
Import your main file in urls.py by "from . import MAIN-FILE-NAME"
Use path in url.py like "path(ROUTE , FILE-NAME.FUNC-NAME , name= NAME-OF-PATH)".    (NAME-OF-PATH can be accessed from templates). 

In main file:
Give argument "request" to every function you're gonna use.
Import HttpsResponse by using "from django.http import HttpsResponse".
Return HttpsResponse("STRING") in every function.




DAY 5
Quiz :
Make a personal navigator (use link in one file that migrate you into other websites)

Answer :
Add url "/personal-navigator" in urls.py
Add function in main.py named PersonalNavigator that gives urls.




DAY 6
Giving route and path is called "Laying Pipeline".

Quick Quiz:
Make pipeline flow

Answer: 
Home can go to Analyze .
Analyze can go to Home as well as Result.
Result can go to Analyze.




DAY 7
Make directory named 'templates' in folder where manage.py is present.
Add 'templates' in setting.py -> TEMPLATES -> DIRS
Make html file in templates folder. 
Add 'from django.shortcuts import render' in main.py. 
To use template , use "return render(request , 'TEMPLATE-NAME')".
Third argument of render is dictionary which contain variables, variables used in html.




DAY 8
Make text-analyzer.html and capitalize.html using CHAT-GPT.
Text analyzer take text using 'request.GET.get()'.
Give new text in capitalize.html to show capitalized text.




DAY 9
Modified capitalize.html as text-analyzer-result.html.
Modified , text-analyzer.html.
Now user give text and check boxes , based on boxes, we apply operations.
Check boxes checked when "request.GET.get("BOX-NAME")=='on' ".




DAY 10
Just shoutout to Exercise 1 solution.




DAY 11
Just added title checkbox , and main function.




DAY 12

Exercise 2:
Modify your code so when user check multiple boxes , user get multiple output based on checkboxes.

Answer:
Already done when I made the code , my code gives multiple output right from the begining when I code it.




DAY 13
Modified templates using https://www.getbootstrap.com and Chat GPT.
Both text-analyzer.html and text-analyzer-result.html look gooood now.




DAY 14
Modified text-analyzer-result because its skipping new-line, so we used pre tag .
But its using dejault text color so we use CHAT-GPT for that.




DAY 15

Difference between GET and POST request.
GET is publically , Anyone can see GET request in url bar.
POST is privately , None can see POST request in url bar.

So Django use CSRF Token.
CSRF stands for 'Cross Side Request Forgery'.
it can be off by adding  {% csrf_token %} in same line of form tag.

if we use '<form action="/analyzed" method="post">' instead of '<form action="/analyzed" method="get">' or '<form action="/analyzed">'
we have to use 'request.POST.get()' instead of 'request.GET.get()' everytime.